[DOCS-5726] API Catalog updates (#20039)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/api_catalog/_index.md

- **Alerting** on endpoints that deviate from defined performance expectations and thresholds.
- Resolving incidents faster with API **ownership information** (team, on-call, communication channels) directly associated with each endpoint, to know who to reach when something goes wrong

<div class="alert alert-info">See <a href="/tracing/api_catalog/get_started/#key-terminology">Key terminology</a> for some background on concepts that are important to understanding what API Catalog does.</div>

## Getting started

If you're already monitoring the performance of your services using APM, API Catalog automatically detects API and endpoints in your instrumented services. 

> See [Setting up API Catalog][3] for more information, including how to add APIs and endpoints for services that aren't instrumented.

Reviewer: maybe replace 'instrumented' here with 'supported for auto discovery' (which is really the case)

Author: ```suggestion
See [Setting up API Catalog][3] for more information, including how to add APIs and endpoints for services that aren't auto-discoverable.
```
